now in the second year of
now in the second year of Nebuchadnezzar's reign Nebuchadnezzar
Nebuchadnezzar's reign Nebuchadnezzar
Nebuchadnezzar's reign Nebuchadnezzar had dreams and his spirit was so
had dreams and his spirit was so
had dreams and his spirit was so troubled that his sleep left him then
troubled that his sleep left him then
troubled that his sleep left him then the King gave the command to call the
the King gave the command to call the
the King gave the command to call the magician's the astrologers the sorcerers
magician's the astrologers the sorcerers
magician's the astrologers the sorcerers and the Chaldeans to tell the King his
and the Chaldeans to tell the King his
and the Chaldeans to tell the King his dreams so they came and stood before the
dreams so they came and stood before the
dreams so they came and stood before the king I have had a dream and my spirit is
king I have had a dream and my spirit is
king I have had a dream and my spirit is anxious to know the dream
anxious to know the dream
anxious to know the dream been the Chaldeans spoke to the King in
been the Chaldeans spoke to the King in
been the Chaldeans spoke to the King in Aramaic all King live forever
Aramaic all King live forever
Aramaic all King live forever tell your servants the dream and we will
tell your servants the dream and we will
tell your servants the dream and we will give the interpretation my decision is
give the interpretation my decision is
give the interpretation my decision is firm if you do not make known the dream
firm if you do not make known the dream
firm if you do not make known the dream to me and its interpretation you shall
to me and its interpretation you shall
to me and its interpretation you shall be cut in pieces and your houses shall
be cut in pieces and your houses shall
be cut in pieces and your houses shall be made and a sheep however if you tell
be made and a sheep however if you tell
be made and a sheep however if you tell the dream and its interpretation you
the dream and its interpretation you
the dream and its interpretation you shall receive from me gifts rewards and
shall receive from me gifts rewards and
shall receive from me gifts rewards and great honor therefore tell me the dream
great honor therefore tell me the dream
great honor therefore tell me the dream and its interpretation let the King tell
and its interpretation let the King tell
and its interpretation let the King tell his servants the dream and we will give
his servants the dream and we will give
his servants the dream and we will give its interpretation I know for certain
its interpretation I know for certain
its interpretation I know for certain that you would gain time
that you would gain time
that you would gain time because you see that my decision is firm
because you see that my decision is firm
because you see that my decision is firm if you do not make known the dream to me
if you do not make known the dream to me
if you do not make known the dream to me there is only one decree for you for you
there is only one decree for you for you
there is only one decree for you for you have agreed to speak lying and corrupt
have agreed to speak lying and corrupt
have agreed to speak lying and corrupt words before me till the time has
words before me till the time has
words before me till the time has changed therefore tell me the dream and
changed therefore tell me the dream and
changed therefore tell me the dream and I shall know that you can give me its
I shall know that you can give me its
I shall know that you can give me its interpretation there is not a man on
interpretation there is not a man on
interpretation there is not a man on earth who can tell the Kings matter
earth who can tell the Kings matter
earth who can tell the Kings matter therefore no King Lord or ruler has ever
therefore no King Lord or ruler has ever
therefore no King Lord or ruler has ever asked such things of any magician
asked such things of any magician
asked such things of any magician astrologer or Chaldean it is a difficult
astrologer or Chaldean it is a difficult
astrologer or Chaldean it is a difficult thing that the King requests and there
thing that the King requests and there
thing that the King requests and there is no other who can tell it to the king
is no other who can tell it to the king
is no other who can tell it to the king except the gods whose dwelling is not
except the gods whose dwelling is not
except the gods whose dwelling is not with flesh for this reason the king was
with flesh for this reason the king was
with flesh for this reason the king was angry and very furious and gave the
angry and very furious and gave the
angry and very furious and gave the command to destroy all the wise men of
command to destroy all the wise men of
command to destroy all the wise men of Babylon
Babylon
Babylon so the decree went out and they began
so the decree went out and they began
so the decree went out and they began killing the wise man and they sought
killing the wise man and they sought
killing the wise man and they sought Daniel and his companions to kill them
Daniel and his companions to kill them
Daniel and his companions to kill them then with counsel and wisdom Daniel
then with counsel and wisdom Daniel
then with counsel and wisdom Daniel answered area the captain of the
answered area the captain of the
answered area the captain of the Kingsguard who had gone out to kill the
Kingsguard who had gone out to kill the
Kingsguard who had gone out to kill the wise men of Babylon the answered and
wise men of Babylon the answered and
wise men of Babylon the answered and said to area the King's captain why is
said to area the King's captain why is
said to area the King's captain why is the decree from the King so urgent then
the decree from the King so urgent then
the decree from the King so urgent then Arioch made the decision known to Daniel
Arioch made the decision known to Daniel
Arioch made the decision known to Daniel so Daniel went in and asked the King to
so Daniel went in and asked the King to
so Daniel went in and asked the King to give him time that he might tell the
give him time that he might tell the
give him time that he might tell the king the interpretation then Daniel went
king the interpretation then Daniel went
king the interpretation then Daniel went to his house and made the decision known
to his house and made the decision known
to his house and made the decision known to Hananiah Mishael and Azariah his
to Hananiah Mishael and Azariah his
to Hananiah Mishael and Azariah his companions that they might seek mercies
companions that they might seek mercies
companions that they might seek mercies from the God of heaven concerning this
from the God of heaven concerning this
from the God of heaven concerning this secret so that Daniel and his companions
secret so that Daniel and his companions
secret so that Daniel and his companions might not perish with the rest of the
might not perish with the rest of the
might not perish with the rest of the wise men of Babylon
wise men of Babylon
wise men of Babylon then the secret was revealed to Daniel
then the secret was revealed to Daniel
then the secret was revealed to Daniel in a night vision so Daniel bless the
in a night vision so Daniel bless the
in a night vision so Daniel bless the God of heaven blessed be the name of God
God of heaven blessed be the name of God
God of heaven blessed be the name of God forever and ever for wisdom and might
forever and ever for wisdom and might
forever and ever for wisdom and might are his and he changes the times in the
are his and he changes the times in the
are his and he changes the times in the seasons he removes kings and raises up
seasons he removes kings and raises up
seasons he removes kings and raises up kings he gives wisdom to the wise and
kings he gives wisdom to the wise and
kings he gives wisdom to the wise and knowledge to those who have
knowledge to those who have
knowledge to those who have understanding he reveals deep and secret
understanding he reveals deep and secret
understanding he reveals deep and secret things he knows what is in the darkness
things he knows what is in the darkness
things he knows what is in the darkness and light dwells with him I thank you
and light dwells with him I thank you
and light dwells with him I thank you and praise you O God of my father's you
and praise you O God of my father's you
and praise you O God of my father's you have given me wisdom and might and have
have given me wisdom and might and have
have given me wisdom and might and have now made known to me what we asked of
now made known to me what we asked of
now made known to me what we asked of you if you have made known to us the
you if you have made known to us the
you if you have made known to us the King's demand therefore Daniel went to
King's demand therefore Daniel went to
King's demand therefore Daniel went to Arioch whom the King had appointed to
Arioch whom the King had appointed to
Arioch whom the King had appointed to destroy the wise men of Babylon he went
destroy the wise men of Babylon he went
destroy the wise men of Babylon he went and said thus to him do not destroy the
and said thus to him do not destroy the
and said thus to him do not destroy the wise men of Babylon take me before the
wise men of Babylon take me before the
wise men of Babylon take me before the king and I will tell the king the
king and I will tell the king the
king and I will tell the king the interpretation then area quickly brought
interpretation then area quickly brought
interpretation then area quickly brought Daniel before the king I have found a
Daniel before the king I have found a
Daniel before the king I have found a man of the captives of Judah who will
man of the captives of Judah who will
man of the captives of Judah who will make known to the king the
make known to the king the
make known to the king the interpretation the King answered and
interpretation the King answered and
interpretation the King answered and said to Daniel whose name was
said to Daniel whose name was
said to Daniel whose name was belteshazzar are you able to make known
belteshazzar are you able to make known
belteshazzar are you able to make known to me the dream which I have seen and
to me the dream which I have seen and
to me the dream which I have seen and its interpretation the secret which the
its interpretation the secret which the
its interpretation the secret which the king is demanded the wise men the
king is demanded the wise men the
king is demanded the wise men the astrologers the magicians and the
astrologers the magicians and the
astrologers the magicians and the soothsayers cannot declare to the king
soothsayers cannot declare to the king
soothsayers cannot declare to the king but there is a God in heaven who reveals
but there is a God in heaven who reveals
but there is a God in heaven who reveals secrets and he has made known to King
secrets and he has made known to King
secrets and he has made known to King Nebuchadnezzar what will be in the
Nebuchadnezzar what will be in the
Nebuchadnezzar what will be in the latter days
latter days
latter days your dream in the visions of your head
your dream in the visions of your head
your dream in the visions of your head upon your bed or these as for you O king
upon your bed or these as for you O king
upon your bed or these as for you O king thoughts came to your mind while on your
thoughts came to your mind while on your
thoughts came to your mind while on your bed about what would come to pass after
bed about what would come to pass after
bed about what would come to pass after this
this
this and he who reveals secrets has made
and he who reveals secrets has made
and he who reveals secrets has made known to you what will be but as for me
known to you what will be but as for me
known to you what will be but as for me this secret has not been revealed to me
this secret has not been revealed to me
this secret has not been revealed to me because I have more wisdom than anyone
because I have more wisdom than anyone
because I have more wisdom than anyone living but for our sakes who make
living but for our sakes who make
living but for our sakes who make knowing the interpretation to the king
knowing the interpretation to the king
knowing the interpretation to the king and that you may know the thoughts of
and that you may know the thoughts of
and that you may know the thoughts of your heart you O king were watching and
your heart you O king were watching and
your heart you O king were watching and behold a great image this great image
behold a great image this great image
behold a great image this great image whose splendor was excellent stood
whose splendor was excellent stood
whose splendor was excellent stood before you and its form was awesome this
before you and its form was awesome this
before you and its form was awesome this images head was a fine gold its chest
images head was a fine gold its chest
images head was a fine gold its chest and arms of silver its belly and thighs
and arms of silver its belly and thighs
and arms of silver its belly and thighs of bronze its legs of iron its feet
of bronze its legs of iron its feet
of bronze its legs of iron its feet partly of iron and partly of clay you
partly of iron and partly of clay you
partly of iron and partly of clay you watched while the stone was cut out
watched while the stone was cut out
watched while the stone was cut out without hands which struck the image on
without hands which struck the image on
without hands which struck the image on its feet of iron and clay and broke them
its feet of iron and clay and broke them
its feet of iron and clay and broke them in pieces then the iron the clay the
in pieces then the iron the clay the
in pieces then the iron the clay the bronze the silver and the gold were
bronze the silver and the gold were
bronze the silver and the gold were crushed together and became like chaff
crushed together and became like chaff
crushed together and became like chaff from the summer threshing floors the
from the summer threshing floors the
from the summer threshing floors the wind carried them away so that no trace
wind carried them away so that no trace
wind carried them away so that no trace of them was found and the stone that
of them was found and the stone that
of them was found and the stone that struck the image became a great mountain
struck the image became a great mountain
struck the image became a great mountain and filled the whole earth this is the
and filled the whole earth this is the
and filled the whole earth this is the dream now we will tell the
dream now we will tell the
dream now we will tell the interpretation of it before the king you
interpretation of it before the king you
interpretation of it before the king you O king or a king of kings
O king or a king of kings
O king or a king of kings for the God of heaven has given you a
for the God of heaven has given you a
for the God of heaven has given you a kingdom power strength and glory and
kingdom power strength and glory and
kingdom power strength and glory and wherever the children of men dwell or
wherever the children of men dwell or
wherever the children of men dwell or the beasts of the field and the birds of
the beasts of the field and the birds of
the beasts of the field and the birds of the heaven he has given them into your
the heaven he has given them into your
the heaven he has given them into your hand and has made you ruler over them
hand and has made you ruler over them
hand and has made you ruler over them all you are this head of gold but after
all you are this head of gold but after
all you are this head of gold but after you shall arise another Kingdom inferior
you shall arise another Kingdom inferior
you shall arise another Kingdom inferior to yours than another a third kingdom of
to yours than another a third kingdom of
to yours than another a third kingdom of brass which shall rule over all the
brass which shall rule over all the
brass which shall rule over all the earth and the fourth Kingdom shall be as
earth and the fourth Kingdom shall be as
earth and the fourth Kingdom shall be as strong as iron in as much as iron breaks
strong as iron in as much as iron breaks
strong as iron in as much as iron breaks in pieces and shatters everything and
in pieces and shatters everything and
in pieces and shatters everything and like iron that crushes that Kingdom will
like iron that crushes that Kingdom will
like iron that crushes that Kingdom will break in pieces and crush all the others
break in pieces and crush all the others
break in pieces and crush all the others whereas you saw the feet and toes partly
whereas you saw the feet and toes partly
whereas you saw the feet and toes partly of potters clay and partly of iron the
of potters clay and partly of iron the
of potters clay and partly of iron the kingdom shall be divided yet the
kingdom shall be divided yet the
kingdom shall be divided yet the strength of the iron shall be in it just
strength of the iron shall be in it just
strength of the iron shall be in it just as you saw the iron mixed with ceramic
as you saw the iron mixed with ceramic
as you saw the iron mixed with ceramic clay and as the toes of the feet were
clay and as the toes of the feet were
clay and as the toes of the feet were partly of iron and partly of clay so the
partly of iron and partly of clay so the
partly of iron and partly of clay so the kingdom shall be partly strong and
kingdom shall be partly strong and
kingdom shall be partly strong and partly fragile as you saw iron mixed
partly fragile as you saw iron mixed
partly fragile as you saw iron mixed with ceramic clay they will mingle with
with ceramic clay they will mingle with
with ceramic clay they will mingle with the seed of men but they will not adhere
the seed of men but they will not adhere
the seed of men but they will not adhere to one another just as iron does not mix
to one another just as iron does not mix
to one another just as iron does not mix with clay and in the days of these Kings
with clay and in the days of these Kings
with clay and in the days of these Kings the God of heaven will set up a kingdom
the God of heaven will set up a kingdom
the God of heaven will set up a kingdom which shall never be destroyed and the
which shall never be destroyed and the
which shall never be destroyed and the Kingdom shall not be left to other
Kingdom shall not be left to other
Kingdom shall not be left to other people it shall break in pieces and
people it shall break in pieces and
people it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms and it shall
consume all these kingdoms and it shall
consume all these kingdoms and it shall stand for ever and as much as you saw
stand for ever and as much as you saw
stand for ever and as much as you saw that the stone was cut out of the
that the stone was cut out of the
that the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands and that it broke
mountain without hands and that it broke
mountain without hands and that it broke in pieces the iron the bronze the clay
in pieces the iron the bronze the clay
in pieces the iron the bronze the clay the silver and the gold the great God
the silver and the gold the great God
the silver and the gold the great God has made known to the king what will
has made known to the king what will
has made known to the king what will come to pass after this the dream is
come to pass after this the dream is
come to pass after this the dream is certain and its interpretation is sure
certain and its interpretation is sure
certain and its interpretation is sure when king nebuchadnezzar fell on his
when king nebuchadnezzar fell on his
when king nebuchadnezzar fell on his face prostrate before daniel and
face prostrate before daniel and
face prostrate before daniel and commanded that they should present an
commanded that they should present an
commanded that they should present an offering and incense to him truly your
offering and incense to him truly your
offering and incense to him truly your god is the god of gods the lord of kings
god is the god of gods the lord of kings
god is the god of gods the lord of kings in a revealer of Secrets since you could
in a revealer of Secrets since you could
in a revealer of Secrets since you could reveal this secret then the king
reveal this secret then the king
reveal this secret then the king promoted daniel and gave him many great
promoted daniel and gave him many great
promoted daniel and gave him many great gifts and he made him ruler over the
gifts and he made him ruler over the
gifts and he made him ruler over the whole province of Babylon and chief
whole province of Babylon and chief
whole province of Babylon and chief administrator over all the wise men of
administrator over all the wise men of
administrator over all the wise men of Babylon also Daniel petitioned the king
Babylon also Daniel petitioned the king
Babylon also Daniel petitioned the king and he said Shadrach Meshach and
and he said Shadrach Meshach and
and he said Shadrach Meshach and Abednego over the affairs of the
Abednego over the affairs of the
Abednego over the affairs of the province of Babylon
province of Babylon
province of Babylon but Daniel sat in the gate of the king
but Daniel sat in the gate of the king
but Daniel sat in the gate of the king [Music]
you
you [Music]